and
Hello
today we will gulina whether chat bot need
something useful to do means
today we will make a very tasty onion
here is such a bow take onion
medium sized and cut them on here such
Rings here somewhere here 5-7 wide
millimeters probably will not do
this delicious learn and shona for this on
then we need flour 1 here are three spoons
There are such vigilant put so we need
Now we've got there is such potatoes
quick potatoes with us
she looks like this
one spoon of such potatoes I will put here
here she is a woman
Now here is the starch can be corn
Any other mom with us
corn is also a spoonful of starch over here
put
so set aside to me would interfere instead of him
I love more now too
I will apply it right away
pepper is sweet pepper
I will throw and put
ordinary pepper , too, but I want the same
with pepper, that means now water and
audit cup 200 grams of water well then
let's figure it out and all this must be good
mix and here it means let's start it
knead only right now I will take a fork
fork will be more convenient to interfere
such a shaban was
Well, as if even if it is still creepy
okay then the potatoes swell
himself average Ki and open frowns
good ones are watery then you have to give
stand for about 10 minutes and swell
potatoes and will become more thick I already
here as we are going today
more fry now there is some
harvested these here already
Here is such a house to be in concentration
I have already insisted so we will
apply now what is already insisted
here are the bread croutons
ground on the cracker here and so raspberry
for sale such fingers scant
ferrets
Here you are looking for such sesame crackers
sesame seeds are very tasty then with
These seeds are just lovely
It turns out that we have these seeds
are add by the way for the recipe
tried to make squid rings too
very beautiful so who wants can
try to do with squid rings
you take the tail of this squid
lying on the rings and all the same but
instead of onions, this squid is just
lovely who wants can already gone this
do not you seem to show how to do it in 1
it's all mixed well all
mix and mix all set
next to less mess there was
forward means a couple of forks must be with
this side and chopped them here take
this thing we take this thing and throw here
times here is their makita
and newcomers are pretty good comfortably
it turns out you can soak here then
we get and throw here and here boomer
For centuries, others are so comfortable sprinkled
after that contributions
plate which we will go
here they will fry fry in
sunflower oil and then
is warming up for dad frit and here
we will prepare now and where
learn oil well warm up
the coffin and the silence was so only
Carefully there, too, people oil and
there was no water at the bottom
skillet
ready to shoot will start so here
neatly neatly further
fry in general here so we prepare
more and go to the kitchen and now here
so here's us it all dwarfs stand
a minute three links would be enough.
flip to the other side and
puts her hair up on a napkin
or something else to live read
very tasty federation
This color should be
time not and on paper napkin
dish towel thread here
so it turned out of course in the end our
onion rings are very much like they are the wind
dry very crispy and which ones
taste well, try well, very very tasty
so all attacks repeat recipes
until the next video